[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
Life on the deserted island
just gets more and more
bizarre,
but who would have ever
thought of
a battle between
robotic lions?
The unstable peace of their
daily existence was shattered
when a cold war developed
between Hanson and Sanson.
Even the best of friends
sometimes grow tired of one
another,
and soon Hanson and Sanson
were planning to settle
their differences
with a race between King and...
well, King.
Hopefully, a peaceful solution
to their conflict
would bring
about a return to serenity.
Hanson decided to use
his technological wizardry
to create a mechanical King
that would run the race for him,
while Sanson tried in vain
to use his incredible strength
to persuade the real King
to be his champion.
He soon decided to enlist Jean
to build a robotic King for him.
And so the race was on.
Jean gave chase
and ended up taking a trip
to the bottom of the sea.
By the way, what is
the secret of Blue Water?
[rooster crows]
[birds chirping]
-Give it a try, Hanson.
-Righty-o.
[engine starting up]
[engine revs]
How does it look?
It looks
like we're in the clear.
Rev the engine
up a little more please.
[engine revs]
What's all the racket?
-[Nadia] Can't you be quiet?
-[Marie] I can't sleep.
-Good morning, everybody.
-Gather around.
We are going to show
you something
that will make
you happy.
[groans]
[machine whirs]
-Ah.
-[Nadia] Wow.
Oh, now, now.
[laughs]
Well, it looks repaired.
All we have to do
is patch the balloon
and we can
finally get off this island.
How wonderful.
We can finally go home.
Yes. Marvelous.
Well, we won't be able to eat
together like this
too many more
times, will we, Hanson?
When you really think about it,
life on this island
wasn't so bad all in all.
We had fresh air,
the murmuring of a brook,
birds singing,
gentle sea breezes.
You have
a romantic way about you today.
You almost appear as if you're
bidding the island farewell.
We all know what we're leaving
but where are we going?
If the balloon works as before
and the wind speed is good,
we will be on Africa's east
coast in less than two weeks.
[gasps] Africa?
Mm-hmm. The wind
will carry us there.
Oh, thank you, Jean, for finally
making my dream come true.
But why is Africa a dream
come true for you, my dear?
[gasps] Because that is where
I was born, Ms. Grandis.
I don't care where we go
as long as it's a place
with plenty of food and drink
and people
who will prepare it for me.
I'm tired of cooking
this boring island food.
Oh, really?
[insects chirping]
[insects buzzing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
I hate mosquitos.
Marie is so itchy.
[grunts] We'll come down with
malaria
with these monsters
nipping at us.
What's that?
Oh, stop.
I'll ask Jean to
make us some bug spray.
[Sanson] In, over, uh, under--
Owie-zowie! I don't know
why I must be forced to sew.
It's women's work and
as anyone can see, I'm a man.
I quit! I quit!
-Sanson.
-[grumbles]
-God, he is so impossible.
-It just goes to prove
that there are two kinds of men
in this world,
the useful and the useless.
And I imagine
you fall into the former ranks?
To be perfectly honest with you,
a count of my order would
rarely ever work like this,
but being the all-around
handyman that I am,
I can't resist.
[grunts]
[groans]
Uh, pardon me.
There was a mosquito.
Oh, would you look at that.
Cheeky little devils.
Hmm?
So what do you think you'll do
when we get to Africa, Hanson?
Let me see.
Well, with Ms.
Grandis the way she is now,
there aren't really too
many things we can do anymore.
Why is that?
Because
we don't have a mission now.
When we were after
the Blue Water,
we spent
our time being bad guys.
But ever since we boarded the
Nautilus, we've been good guys.
So I don't know what to do.
That's because Gargoyle is worse
than you three ever were.
How about you? What do you plan
to do when we get there?
Well, I--
Nadia is looking for
her birthplace
and I'm going to help.
Do you mean to tell me
that Nadia doesn't even know
where she was born?
Yes. It's sad.
She doesn't know
where or when she was born.
No idea at all.
Oh, I see.
Well, then that explains
why she's so eccentric.
[Nadia]
What do you mean I'm eccentric?
[both gasp]
Uh, hi, Nadia.
I, uh, didn't mean
anything by that. [chuckles]
Jean, I need your help.
Could you come
on down from there?
Some liquor?
Shh. Keep it quiet.
Don't tell the others.
So then, where is it?
It's in a secret not far from
here. Make sure it stays secret.
I have successfully cultivated
a daring natural wine
by carefully fermenting
some wild vine berries you see.
-It's wine?
-Right.
Something
you couldn't find anywhere else.
Natural wine.
I never knew we had such
wonderful things on this island.
Listen, the mosquitos will soon
suck us dry if we stay here.
What do you say?
Would you care
to take a little break?
Something's up.
So what is it
that you need me to do, Nadia?
-[screams]
-Look at this.
I'm being eaten alive
by those evil mosquitos.
Uh, that must be
very itchy. Is it itchy?
Of course, it is.
But I don't wanna mark myself up
by scratching myself so much.
Please help me.
You've got to make me some
repellant.
I'll be glad to get you some...
-Please, Jean.
-...but I need some sea mugwort.
I don't know what
that is but go get it.
[waves splashes]
[breathing deeply]
Come back safely.
[screaming]
Gee, I wonder
what Jean is up to now.
I don't know.
He shouldn't be up to it for
a long time.
I wish I was up to something.
Why does everyone
find girls so interesting?
Machines are
far more fascinating.
Even so, Ms. Electra
was a really nice girl.
-[engine revs]
-Huh? Oh, no!
Someone has my Gratan.
Wait!
You better not hurt
her, whoever you are!
Bring back my Gratan!
[thudding]
Huh?
What are those?
[Sanson] Where is everybody?
Ms. Grandis went out
on a date with Mr. Ayerton.
A date?
They went to drink
Mr. Ayerton's wine.
[Sanson] Huh?
[engine revving]
[Hanson] Will you stop already?
That's my Gratan!
If you want one, make your own!
But you can't
because you're not smart enough!
I'm the genius here! Stop! Stop!
-What was that?
-You found a hole?
[Jean]
Not a hole. Five large ones.
And the sea floor is
seemed like it was made of iron.
This is scaring me, Jean.
Me, too.
It looks like a submarine.
It's just as we thought.
This is no ordinary island.
What? It took off
while you watched?
-You have no idea who took it?
-Yes. Yes. No.
So someone was
obviously already...
Jean's with Nadia.
But I thought Jean
was with you at the time,
making the engine repairs?
Well, he was for a while,
but then Nadia came and
took him away into the woods.
I see. They're
getting along quite well.
I know they are,
but I think they can get along
without using my Gratan.
-Oh, right.
-Wait just a minute.
I made us some bug spray.
But where is my Gratan?
But I thought you had it.
Well, well. Jean, didn't
steal the Gratan after all.
Then who in the world did?
Come on.
It was that fool Ayerton.
It was?
So you said that the two of them
went off for a glass of wine?
Women are weak
for good wine right, Sanson?
[Sanson yells]
Great!
That does it!
I wouldn't be able to make
advances towards her
even if I die!
I didn't sweat and bleed
all over
the Gratan just for them!
[both] We'll have revenge!
[thunderclaps]
[volcano explodes]
[dramatic music playing]
[Hanson] Do you see them?
Hmm, not anywhere.
Where did that scoundrel
spirit her away to?
They're hiding in
the forest somewhere.
Isn't the Gratan
too big for that?
Searching on foot
will get us hot and sweaty.
Let's just wait till they decide
to come back to camp.
-Hanson!
-Yes, sir?
Grandis is out with a man.
A man we know nothing about,
who could be doing God only
knows what
with her even as
we speak.
I can't forgive
the actions I'm thinking of.
I don't care what
the Queen of England says.
But there's not a whole lot
that we can do
without the
Gratan here to help us do it.
-Then make one.
-One what?
A machine that can trace down
the mighty Gratan.
Yes, Gratan II.
[both gasps] A Gratan II?
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[insects chirping]
-Grownups, they're so foolish.
-What do you mean?
There's still so much work
to be done and yet they decided
to waste time on
their screwy adventures.
But if they don't
find the Gratan,
they can't attach the balloon
and we'll still be stuck here.
Well, they didn't need to invent
that ridiculous thing.
[dramatic music playing]
[pigs snort]
Hmm. Oh, dear. This is dreadful.
Hey, we didn't
exactly have the time
to come up with
anything better, you know?
What gives it its power?
Oh, don't tell me.
-That's what the pigs are for.
-Hmm?
[pigs squeal]
Well, let's put a horn on it so
at least it will look ferocious.
But if it gets any heavier,
then it won't be
able to move at all.
Then why not put some wings
on it
to cut down the wind
resistance?
Keep your idea
to yourself, Sanson.
We don't have time to bicker
about its appearance,
and I'm really worried about
my poor, sweet Gratan.
Well, it's not really up to my
standard of style
but we'll have to do.
And let's move them out!
[dramatic music playing]
-When are we going to get there?
-Silence please.
-I must concentrate.
-What was that?
I really prefer not to do
two things at the same time,
if you please.
Well, we better get this
over with quickly.
We need to get
the Katherine back soon.
Yes, Hanson and Sanson
will not be happy at all.
[insects chirping]
-[Hanson screams]
-[both] Hmm?
Go! Go! Yeah! Yeah!
-Go!
-Great.
We're the only
ones doing any work here.
That's not right.
Well, I'm having fun.
I envy you, Marie.
All of this just reminds me
of my days in the circus.
It makes me really upset.
I'm taking a break now.
Going to see, Jean?
I'm not seeing Jean.
I'm getting a cup of milk.
[dramatic music playing]
So is this your hiding place?
The Gratan has broken down.
[gasps] It's what?
No, the engine
is not working. Pity.
Oh, no. Broken?
But Hanson-- oh,
no. We're doomed.
It's not my fault.
It broke on its own.
-[Grandis sighs]
-It's all right.
[Sanson] Hyah, hyah, hyah!
Move along! Go, go, go, go!
Hyah! Hyah! Move it,
move it, move it!
Hyah, hyah, hyah, hyah, hyah!
Run like the wind, wild boars!
Ride! Hyah!
Yes, make me happy!
Hyah, hyah!
Go faster, faster, faster!
Can we pretty
please take a better road?
Hyah! Hanson,
we don't need better roads.
We're making our own road!
-[laughs]
-[Hanson screaming]
[Sanson] What more do you need
in the open countryside
and the wind in your hair?
Oh, dear, my
hair. Where is my coat?
Oh, never mind. Get along.
Hyah! Hyah!
You can do better than that!
Faster! Faster!
Go! Hyah! [laughs]
[birds chirping]
Hmm.
-[Nadia] What are you doing?
-[gasps]
I had nothing to do
so I thought I'd help
by bringing in the wash.
But I thought you went riding
with Hanson and Sanson.
No. The chariot was built
for two, so I decided to stay.
-[gasps]
-Uh, Jean, could we take a walk?
[Ayerton] I have something
very important
to say to you,
Grandis.
Why so serious all of a sudden?
-It's about our future.
-Our future?
When we finally get off
this God-forsaken island,
I'd like you to come
live with me, dear lady.
What do you say we postpone
this discussion
until after the wine tasting?
Oh, I made all that up, my dear.
Huh.
So you concocted this whole
story just to get me alone?
Is that what you're saying?
It's not important how I got you
all alone, you see.
I only lied to you so
that we may discuss this
in our own sweet privacy.
Well, exactly where is this
I would be living?
-Great Britain.
-Oh?
To be more specific than that,
in my mansion.
And to be even
more specific than that,
I want you to be the wife
of Count Ayerton Grenavan,
and to live with
me in England forever.
[leaves rustling]
Are you sure
you didn't need it, Jean?
I know that I haven't eaten it
and I wouldn't because it would
make you so incredibly angry.
Which means, if it weren't for
me, you would want to eat it?
-That's not what I meant.
-Of course. I see.
-Oh, please.
-It's all all right.
You know, this wouldn't have
happened
if you had tethered
it to a tree.
I could never do such a cruel
thing to an animal.
[screams]
That's what
you get for eating her.
For the last time,
I did not eat-- huh?
What could this be?
What is it?
This is a great discovery.
This island seems to be built
on top of a large structure.
Does that mean that everything
here is man-made?
Amazing.
Can we hurry
and find my goat now?
Huh?
[Sanson] Hyah, hyah, hyah!
[Hanson]
Are we ever going to find them?
[Sanson] What are you worried
about? We are perfectly safe!
-Faster, faster!
-[Hanson] Are you sure?
Hyah, hyah!
[Hanson screams]
[Sanson]
Get along! Hyah, hyah, hyah!
[both] It's breaking up!
[screaming]
That's not supposed to happen!
My poor Gratan, too!
-[screaming]
-[Sanson] Where are you going?
[indistinct screaming]
-Fix it, Hanson! Fix it!
-[screaming]
[both screaming]
-Ow!
-Hey, look, we found the Gratan.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
No. It was kind of easy.
[both]
Huh? Oh, my God!
[grunts] Please feel free to
take some time to think it over.
Oh, shut up!
And back off!
I don't trust you.
I don't trust anyone who calls
themselves count
or noble anything!
But you see that I am really
a noble and that my--
-Quiet!
-[groans]
[grunting]
-[thuds]
-[both screaming]
[clanks]
[groans]
Well,
it looks like the Katherine
is still in good shape.
-But G II is broken.
-[thuds]
Don't worry, pet.
Everything's fine.
I'll always be there to protect
you, dear, no matter what.
[scoffs]
-[Hanson] Aha!
-[Sanson] Aha!
[gasps]
Don't touch my señorita!
For if you do,
you won't live to regret it!
And don't
you dare touch my Gratan!
For if you do, you won't
live to regret it, too!
[footsteps]
This is no cave.
This is a tunnel.
Just who would
build such a thing?
Why?
How? And when?
It looks like
no one is using it anymore.
[tense music playing]
A dead end.
Jean, I think we better head
back now before it gets dark.
Huh. No doorway.
Everyone's going to get
extremely worried
if we don't
show up at camp soon.
It would be really bad if we got
lost in here after dark,
so, Nadia, let's go.
-[machine whirring]
-[gasps]
[both gasping]
[both screaming]
[groans]
Welcome back, Headman.
Please don't call me that
and please let me out of here.
Take this opportunity to reflect
upon your shoddy conduct.
You better, Headman.
Incidentally, I haven't seen
Jean or Nadia in some time.
[grunts] Where in the world
are those two hiding out today?
That crafty little French kid
sure knows what he's doing.
Pervert!
-It's so cold.
-Air conditioning.
I see.
[gasps]
[Jean] What are those things?
[somber music playing]
It's an old factory.
Look at all those chimneys.
Is this Gargoyle's?
[Jean] No.
That looks just
like the Nautilus.
What's that doing
in a place like this?
This just
doesn't make any sense.
Why would you suspend
a submarine from the ceiling?
I wonder what this place
has been used for.
[Nadia] I can't believe we lived
on this island all this time
and didn't know about this.
[Jean] We need to get back
and tell everyone about this.
This is an incredible find.
[Nadia] But how do
we get back to the entrance?
This walkway doesn't stop.
[Jean] Don't worry.
If we keep going forward,
then we'll have to come out
on the other side.
[Nadia] But I am worried.
And you should
be worried, too, Jean.
[Jean] You take
everything too seriously.
You won't live long enough
if you behave that way.
[Nadia] Do you mean that?
Of course I do, Nadia.
[screams]
What's happening?
Yes. My name is Nadia, yes.
I know your name!
But who are you talking to? Ahh!
No. Another dead
end. What do we do?
Yes, Jean is
a very good friend of mine.
[Jean] Why are you acting so
strange all of a sudden, Nadia?
Nadia?
Snap out of it!
[screams] Ow!
[groaning]
[gasps]
It's all right, Jean.
Huh?
[screams]
[groaning]
Nadia...
-[bangs]
-Nadia!
[rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
[screaming]
Huh?
[purring]
You're not supposed to be
out of your hole, Headman!
I have been
released, so God himself
must have come
down to aid my freedom.
Huh.
-Good Lord.
-What is that?
[Ayerton] An aurora.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]